Update Entity Framework tutorial for version 11 (#2803)
ChilliCream/hotchocolate: website/src/blog/2020-03-18-entity-framework/2020-03-18-entity-framework.md

    ORDER BY "s"."Id", "t"."EnrollmentId", "t"."CourseId"
```

The `UseProjection` middleware allows us by just attributing it to a field resolver that returns an `IQueryable<T>` to drill into that data set.

Without a lot of code, we already have a working GraphQL server that returns all the students. We are already able to drill into our data and the `UseProjection` middleware rewrites GraphQL selections into `IQueryable<T>` projections that ensures that we only select the data that we need from the database.

Think about it, we really just added entity framework and exposed a single root field that basically just returns the `DbSet<Student>`.

## Filtering

Let us go further with this. We actually can do more here and Hot Chocolate provides you with a filter and sorting middleware to really give you the power to query your data with complex expressions.

First, we need to add filtering and sorting providers to our GraphQL service.

```bash
dotnet add package HotChocolate.Types.Filters
dotnet add package HotChocolate.Types.Sorting
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we can also remove this :)

Author: Of course!
Sorry for the oversight.

With these new packages in place let us rewrite our query type in order to enable proper filtering support.

> In `Startup.cs` add the following two lines right after `.AddQueryType<>()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `Startup.cs` add the following two lines  after `.AddGraphQLServer()`
```

Reviewer: FYI: Order is not important in this case :)
